---
layout: article
author: "Mentie Brakedawn"
title: "Student Wins Gold at Science Fair for Study of Mackenzie Climate Patterns"
description: "'Truly astonishing. Who knew that turning on the heating in the summer saves us so much money,' says Mackenzie office staff."
order: 8
---

TORONTO, ON-- Grade 12 Mackenzie student Maddie Ness won gold at the FSF (Fishy Science Fair) which was held at the Metro Toronto Crabby Centre last weekend. She beat out the thousands of other students in Ontario participating for the grand prize of one giant live fish specimen of the winner’s choice. 

Her winning project was a study on the temperature patterns at Mackenzie, a school known for its extremely unique climate control, not found anywhere else. Specifically, the school tends to turn up the heating during the warmer months, and have the AC on full blast during winter--- a phenomenon that Maddie wished to investigate.

“Like any other Mackenzie student, I’m used to sweating buckets in June when the heating’s on in the classrooms, or freezing my teeth off in January when the AC’s set to fifteen degrees. But I thought there must be a reason our school does things this way. There has to be a method, you know? That was why I started my project, ” said Maddie, when asked the inspiration for her research. 

Her project did indeed find a method behind the madness. According to the data gathered, turning on the heating during the summer reduced the electricity bill by a whopping 0.01%. Maddie also found a positive correlation with R-squared 0.999 between student grades and how cold the AC is in winter, seemingly the reason behind Mackenzie students’ academic success.

“These findings are extraordinary,” one science fair judge commented.  “I am sure that they will have a large impact on schools throughout the city, maybe even the country.”

“This student’s findings only reinforce the idea that we should all follow W.L. Mackenzie C.I.’s example and implement these techniques in schools everywhere,” a TDSB administrator proclaimed. “This could be revolutionary.”

The Flounder specimen that Maddie won as her prize currently resides in the school pool, serving as a new fascination for the entire student body.